<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>news.ycomments</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="ycomments.css" />
<style>
/* <![CDATA[ */
body {
    width: 600px;
    margin: auto;
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
}

header p {
    font-size: small;
    font-style: italic;
}
/* ]]> */
</style>
</head>
<body>

<article>
<header>
<h1>Y Comments</h1>
<p><a href="http://github.com/wcmaier/ycomments">Get the code</a>!</p>
</header>

<p>
Do your blog posts end with <a href="http://antirez.com/post/pull-requests-are-not-conversations.html">exhortations</a> to "<a href="https://github.com/holman/holman.github.com/commit/8e5d52bcbee7dc373f151dbea86d59dcbb1b0129">Discuss this on Hacker News</a>"?
Do you like plugging into the engaged and clueful HN community but worry about sending your readers off to some site that's not your own?
Do you wish it was all a little bit more like <a href="http://www.disqus.com/">Disqus</a>?
Well then.
</p>

<p>
This here is a bit of Javascript that gives you the best of both worlds: it dumps HN comment threads below your article, just like Disqus (sort of).
To do this, Y Comments relies on the third-party <a href="http://api.ihackernews.com/">HackerNews API</a> to extract the comment threads from the Hacker News post about your article.
</p>

<p>
This is handy for <a href="http://pages.github.com/">static</a> <a href="https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll">blogs</a> or for authors that want to tap into the clueful and engaged HN community.
With Y Comments, you can have it all.
</p>

<p>
To get started, write something interesting and post it on Hacker News.
Then, add the following at the bottom of your article:
</p>

<code><pre><![CDATA[
<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.5.0/jquery.js"></script>
<script src="https://github.com/wcmaier/ycomments/raw/master/ycomments.js"></script>
<script>
$("article").ycomments({
    id: "$HNID",
});
</script>
]]>
</pre></code>

<p>
Now, when people read your article and start commenting on it at HN, their comments will show up under your article.
When you find bugs, <a href="https://github.com/wcmaier/ycomments">fork</a> the code, fix them and send a pull request.
It's all BSD licensed, you know.
</p>

<p>
Some things to consider:
</p>

<ul>
<li>Compatibility with document types that aren't XHTML5 and browsers that aren't Firefox 3.6.1.3/OpenBSD is unknown.</li>
<ul>
<li>That said, it should be pretty easy to extend the hack to output HTML that works with your documents; see for example <code>$.fn.ycomments.thread()</code>.</li>
</ul>
<li>Features like votes and replies haven't actually been tested yet.</li>
<li>This hack is awfully accepting of whatever it gets from HN and the HN API.</li>
<li>This hack is woefully understyled; improvements to its CSS will be gladly accepted.</li>
<li>This hack may not make idiomatic use of Javascript and jQuery; my apologies.</li>
</ul>

<p>
This hack was created at and for the 2011 <a href="http://buildmadison.org/">Build Madison</a> 24-hour hackathon by <a href="http://will.m.aier.us/">Will Maier</a>.
It did not take 24 hours.
</p>

</article>

<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.5.0/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="ycomments.js"></script>
<script>
/* <![CDATA[ */
$("article").ycomments({
    id: "2183611",
});
/* ]]> */
</script>
</body>
</html>
